SpreeProductDocuments
=====================

NOW support for spree_core-4.X and spree_backend-4.X

Spree_product_documents is an Spree extension to attach documents related to a Product. Spree::Document class inherits from Spree::Resource and use spree_assets table, so no additional tables or assets are required. 

This extension is heavily inspired in https://github.com/mosaic/spree_product_documents but has been adapted in order to work with Spree 2.4-stable branch. 

Installation
------------

Add spree_product_documents to your Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'spree_product_documents'
```

Bundle your dependencies and run the installation generator:

```shell
bundle
```

No generator is needed as no additional assets or tables are required. 


Configuration
-------

Currently, this extension supports **application/pdf** and **application/zip** content types. If you wish to support other content_types, you can create a new app_configuration_decorator.rb and override defined ones:

```ruby
Spree::AppConfiguration.class_eval do
  preference :allowed_document_content_types, :array, :default => %w(application/pdf application/zip)
end
```
and be sure to restart your server. 

After installation, a new tab "Documents" will appear in product tabs. It works exactly the same as images, you can attach as many documents as you want, related to a product or a specific variant. 
Bear in mind that, nowadays, this extension does not include any overrides in the frontend.  


Testing
-------

First bundle your dependencies, then run `rake`. `rake` will default to building the dummy app if it does not exist, then it will run specs. The dummy app can be regenerated by using `rake test_app`.

```shell
bundle
bundle exec rake
```

When testing your applications integration with this extension you may use it's factories.
Simply add this require statement to your spec_helper:

```ruby
require 'spree_product_documents/factories'
```

Copyright (c) 2015 Tania Rubio <taniarubiov@gmail.com>, released under the New BSD License
